docs/digger/installation/run-digger-installer.asciidoc, before:

[[run-digger-installer]]
=== Run Digger Installer

. Clone the https://github.com/aerogear/aerogear-digger-installer[Digger Installer GitHub repo^]

. Make a copy of the Ansible `inventory-sample` file from the repo, and update it with the information about your infrastructure. https://github.com/aerogear/aerogear-digger-installer/blob/master/inventory-sample[Sample Ansible Inventory file^].

+
NOTE: For a full list of variables that can be configured via the inventory file refer to <<installer-variables>>

. Run the playbook using the updated `inventory-sample` and follow the instructions printed in the terminal:
+
NOTE: Review https://github.com/aerogear/aerogear-digger-installer/blob/master/sample-build-playbook.yml[Digger Playbook^].

** Command to install Digger without a macOS server
+
----
ansible-playbook -i <your-inventory-sample> sample-build-playbook.yml --skip-tags=provision-osx
----

** Command to install Digger with a macOS server
+
----
ansible-playbook -i <your-inventory-sample> sample-build-playbook.yml
----

** Roles can be run individually or in batch with flag --tags=<role_tag_1>,...,<role_tag_x>
+
----
ansible-playbook -i <your-inventory-sample> sample-build-playbook.yml --tags=provision-osx,nagios
----
** To skip default roles, similarly to --skip-tags=provision-osx e.g. --skip-tags=<role_tag_1>,...,<role_tag_x>
+
----
ansible-playbook -i <your-inventory-sample> sample-build-playbook.yml --skip-tags=provision-osx,nagios,java
----


. Manually accept Android SDK licence
+
.. During initial Android SDK installation
.. During sync of Android SDK versions
+


.Ansible playbook will perform the following tasks:

* Verify and Install (if required) the minimum Java version
* Create a project in OpenShift
* Install Jenkins
* Install Android SDK to a Persistent Volume
* Configure Jenkins
* Setup macOS Server(s) (optional)
* Install Nagios
* Print URL and credentials for Jenkins and Nagios

NOTE: All tasks are idempotent. You can run them multiple times and they will produce the same results.

Commit message:

RHMAP-18949 xrefs to playbook and inventory file polished

docs/digger/installation/run-digger-installer.asciidoc, after:

[[run-digger-installer]]
=== Run Digger Installer

. Clone the https://github.com/aerogear/aerogear-digger-installer[Digger Installer GitHub repo^]

. Make a copy of the Ansible https://github.com/aerogear/aerogear-digger-installer/blob/master/inventory-sample[inventory-sample^], and update it with the information about your infrastructure.

+
NOTE: For a full list of variables that can be configured via the inventory file refer to <<installer-variables>>

. Run the playbook using the updated `inventory-sample` and follow the instructions printed in the terminal:
+
NOTE: Refer to https://github.com/aerogear/aerogear-digger-installer/blob/master/sample-build-playbook.yml[Digger Playbook^] to see the roles executed during installation and their associated tags.

** Command to install Digger without a macOS server
+
----
ansible-playbook -i <your-inventory-sample> sample-build-playbook.yml --skip-tags=provision-osx
----

** Command to install Digger with a macOS server
+
----
ansible-playbook -i <your-inventory-sample> sample-build-playbook.yml
----

** Roles can be run individually or in batch with flag --tags=<role_tag_1>,...,<role_tag_x>
+
----
ansible-playbook -i <your-inventory-sample> sample-build-playbook.yml --tags=provision-osx,nagios
----
** To skip default roles, similarly to --skip-tags=provision-osx e.g. --skip-tags=<role_tag_1>,...,<role_tag_x>
+
----
ansible-playbook -i <your-inventory-sample> sample-build-playbook.yml --skip-tags=provision-osx,nagios,java
----


. Manually accept Android SDK licence
+
.. During initial Android SDK installation
.. During sync of Android SDK versions
+


.Ansible playbook will perform the following tasks:

* Verify and Install (if required) the minimum Java version
* Create a project in OpenShift
* Install Jenkins
* Install Android SDK to a Persistent Volume
* Configure Jenkins
* Setup macOS Server(s) (optional)
* Install Nagios
* Print URL and credentials for Jenkins and Nagios

NOTE: All tasks are idempotent. You can run them multiple times and they will produce the same results.
